Hey Credera family happy Friday to you. You can see I'm recording from a different venue today. We came back to Dallas earlier this week and I'm going to stay here for a few days. My 12 year old daughter needed to get a social fix with her friends. We needed to resupply or wine inventory a bit and I came to the realization a few days ago that I'm on a crash course for a mullet if I don't stop just trimming the sides myself and actually get a proper haircut. So I'm looking forward to that this weekend as well. Few business updates for you this week:

You know, at this point May is looking really good in terms of utilization and and ultimately you know close to our revenue target. And right now we're just a little bit short, but I think we're going to get there and close that gap over the next next few days and weeks. June is also shaping up to be a very good month again, and then July. Obviously a little bit further out, but we've got reason to be confident about the July business as well, so we're actually to the point. We've sold enough new work and I'll hit some wins in a minute that we're beginning to consider hiring again in a couple of key areas. That's it.

Very, very positive sign for the business and I'm very thankful for that.

Mentioned that it was really good week from a business development standpoint, we had wins at I think 11 or 12 different clients this week. Novartis, we had a really big win and we'll talk a little bit more about that team in just a second. But that's a about a $2,500,000 worth of Credera fees in 2020 with a competitive deal, super high visibility and really huge force on that. But we had other important wins at Unilever.

First financial mortgage and Mars pet care, BD, Hopdoddy, Zynx, Handy, HomeAdvisor, Exxon Mobil, an extension at Logica ratio. So just incredible work. I mean, so thankful for that, and thankful for everyone's efforts into those into those pursuits. That would be a good new business win in any economic climates, but especially good in this current one that we're in.

Quick just kind of follow up on the campus and internship program so that we continue to receive good feedback from the universities from the students that were impacted and then from our interns as well. And but we do have excited to announce 11 interns who accepted the non paid internship and will start on June 15th. It will be a 100% virtual experience for them but once they do get on board we will look to make them feel welcome, give them a great experience even though it will be different than a typical year. 

We continue to make really good progress on the London acquisition. And so we're really just about one month away from when we expect to close that and bring them into the Credera family as well. And all of my interactions with them continue to be encouraging. The people are great people. They're good at what they do. It's a well run business. They've got a great set of clients and some additional capabilities to provide today so excited about them and how they fit into our culture quite nicely.

Want to celebrate some of the Impact awards and the Junkyard Dog Award. So two teams and some people to celebrate on the impact side of things. I mentioned that Novartis win earlier and I just want to call out those individuals. So Kevin King, Grace Levitt, Jane J Carter, Henry Jordan, Nate Raymond, Gregoff Raul, Hannah Walsh at Elizabeth Abston Ryan Chin, Peter Yobo ansellia.

All contributed in different ways to this pursuit. So massively large number of people all made big contributions there. Really proud of what we put together and ultimately the clients feedback when they called me was that we absolutely crushed it and that we were completely unmatched by our competitors in that in that response. So huge win for some great job. Also want to celebrate our Red Lobster team, specifically Peter Wrangel and Carlos Rodriguez.

Red Lobster is going to be a client for awhile. We helped with some of their online and digital ordering delivery type capabilities and curbside capabilities and you think about the world environment that we're in that has been their saving grace and really helping them to stay afloat and alive during this time and so much so that on Mother's Day they actually had a completely record breaking day with all their online and digital ordering, you know, even a bit overwhelming for their supply chain, and the restaurants themselves were overwhelmed. But those two guys Peter and Carlos have done just a phenomenal job supporting that client. Jumping in, making some personal sacrifices, but really helping make a huge impact on the client business. So thank you guys for that. From a Junkyard Dog award standpoint this this week it's going to go to Anna Grace Franklin, who on Earth of Fix and add Orthofix made herself so invaluable to the client that even though they were making some cutbacks across the board, she jumped in had established that credibility and that value and that impact, but also proactively put together kind of the business case in Esso to get herself extended and the team later extended on into the summer, so tremendous job Anna Grace and related at Orthofix team in general. So wanna celebrate those impacts and junkyard doggedness. If you have other ideas going forward. If people you want to nominate for that, remember to email impact@credera.com and we'll take a look at those and make sure we're recognizing individuals.

We're making a tremendous impact. Lastly, I'll wrap up by just saying I'm thankful for all of you thankful for the work that you continue to put in. You know, we're really at this point doing a great job of stacking good week on top of good Week on top of Good Week and it's really starting to make a huge impact for our business in terms of getting back to a much healthier spot. And as I mentioned earlier, we are beginning to even think about hiring again, which is an awesome position to be in. And honestly, better than I thought I thought we would be in if you'd ask me six or seven weeks ago. So thank you for that.

Have a great weekend and will see you next week, thanks.