Hey Credera family. Happy Friday to you this time this video is coming from what we call the TV room and I bet that some of you smart people who win Bailey's name Credera contest can guess why we call it the TV room, but we'll find out. So as you know, for the last six weeks or so it's been a pretty challenging environment for us. But I actually started this week with a very optimistic mindset. And it's actually been a really good week and I'm hopefully this will be an encouraging note for you as I give you some updates here so.

First, I wanted to let you know that we are working on the Credera version of what reopening may look like.

Obviously we're following very closely all the different national state local as well as Omnicom oriented sort of guidelines and policies around that, but are coming up with one that's specific to Credera.

I'll be sharing more on that next week or the week after, but I do want to let you know that it's under underway and specifically the guiding principles that we're working from there is that first and foremost health and safety of our team is what we care the most about. Just know that we're very much aware that each of us is going to be on a pretty broad spectrum in terms of our individual comfort with returning to the office, returning to some of the norms we had before, and so all of our Credera reentry plan on that will be very very flexible. And individually flexible to that point and so more to come on that but we're working on it.

Next thing I wanted to share and I talked about this last week during the video update about some of the hard news that we had to communicate with some of our campus hires and interns and wanted to give you the update on that and we last Friday right around the same time that I was doing the video update myself and the rest of the partners were making all of those calls to the impacted students. Those school calls actually went really, really well. All in all, the students, I'd say receive difficult news with a lot of really appreciation and thankfulness Ann showed a tremendous amount of their character and high quality by the way that they responded to it.

They were very much understanding of the situation and grateful to still have a job for those that we deferred their start date and for the interns. Very grateful to have a job post graduation versus some of alternative scenario.

You know, I just want to say thank you to all of you who put your time and energy and efforts into helping recruit those individuals. You've done a fantastic job and I'm super excited about them joining the firm when they are able to. And so that was positive since then. And this week Andrew Warden and Alex and Team had reached out to each of the different universities where we have students from the campus programs that way to give them the update on what we had to do and why, and their response has been resoundingly positive. Just really encouraging to us all around.

Of all of the different employers that they work with on the different campuses, that the way that we've chosen to handle this situation, both the interns and the full time hires, they expressed a tremendous amount of gratitude and and also just really shared that we stand out as far as fine employers. One particular University contact gave this quote. Says First off, wow, some lucky interns just hit the Jack pot. We have had some wonderful employers really stepping up to the plate with regard to cancelling the intern ships and delayed starts. Credera may be at the top of that list.

That is so awesome, so want to share that as a bit of encouragement. Even though we had to do something hard, I really do believe we did the right thing and did it in the right way and I'm proud of the team for the action we've taken there.

As a general business update, you know my headline is that I feel some cautious optimism I know for sure there are still going to be challenging weeks and months ahead. If you look at just some of the macroeconomic data, that's still out, it is quite negative and pessimistic. But but we had a good week this week. We've seen some stability the last couple of weeks in terms of our client pushing back start dates and delays and cancellations. That was really rocky. The 1st three or four weeks of this of this season. In the last couple of weeks it has stabilized a bit.

We've also had a really good week for just winning new work, so we closed on quite a few new client projects that I'll share in just a second.

There is at least some view to parts of the economy beginning to reopen again, which will help many of our clients and their businesses, which ultimately helps us.

You know, and then I think we've been making good decisions throughout this process and we've really started to hone in as a partner team and management team and really broadly accompany sort of new and creative ways to serve our clients during this environment and continue to work with and partner with them. And so all those things very, very positive on that front, some specific wins. Since last Friday's video, we've had a really good week at Home Advisor with a number of wins there. There's three or four different HomeAdvisor wins with Handy as well.

Great win at Gentech win at THPR which is a long time client that's come back with some recent work. Great new win at Cavenders so congratulations Kevin McDonald and team past client from Academy there that we're doing a digital transformation for Cavender's. Hoping to be paid in cowboy boots I think, but we'll see how that shakes out. We have verbal on a couple of projects at Amgen. Big extension to our Army team. Great new win at National Instruments and so I just really want to encourage everyone you know our hard work and tenacity and grit on that is really paying off. We need to keep that up, but it was an encouraging week from a business standpoint.

You know, so let's just say we're seeing some success. We need to continue to build momentum, so let's keep up the work, but have a confident stance as we charge forward here. Lastly, just a few quick impact stories of Crederians who are really making an oversized impact on each other and on clients and communities, so really want to celebrate Taylor Marley. She, in the span of the last really one or two weeks has has drummed up through her past relationships and reputation and a couple of great opportunities, one with Samsung to do a digital mapping, an interactive digital map around 5G that we're actively talking to them about, and that's a great opportunity with a really great company. And then the second is European wax that's again a past client of hers from JCPenney I believe who's now at European wax Center and talking to them about a web and digital analytics type project. So great job, Taylor to stay after those, and generally Junkyard dog a couple of bigger than Junkyard dog type opportunities there.

And then I want to point out one and celebrate one team that's had a lot of different people that have worked on it over the years. Which is R&D team. So you know, some of the folks who were on it for the longest Phil Lockheart, Marshall Treadaway, Andrew Jeffrey, John Lutteringer. There were many others who contributed along the way, but those were some of the primary folks. So the client reached back out to Marshall a couple weeks ago with this feedback. So sales have been crazy and the platform has met or exceeded all expectations we've had over 700 customers at a time benefit many making a difference, especially in today's environment. So huge testament from a client really speaking to the impact on the client. So just to kind of wrap up for this, we really want to thank you all for your hard work for your continued grit and determination. Tenacity really I am seeing that on full display across the board and I'm really, really proud of that. And happy with that.

Let's keep looking for those ways to make a tremendous impact on our clients on each other and on our communities that we live and work in. I've been talking about how I believe we can be stronger going through this, and I'm seeing us that we are being stronger as we go through this together and I'm really happy with that. So I'm going to leave you with a little bit of fun today as we wrap this week up so it's awesome when we get to help our clients when it gets celebrated. The individual people get celebrated and so what you'll see next came to me related to the work we've been doing with our client, Omnicom Media Group. In this case, they actually are clients. We're helping them with some business process optimization work, and the team of Sandra Benoit, Taylor Marley, Grace Lee, and Elizabeth Abston had done a fantastic job, and this is an awesome video that's one of the highlights of my 20 year career. So thanks to that team for this and enjoy. Have a great weekend and will hit it again next week.