Credera Family Family Happy Friday to you.

A quick video this week just to give you an update on what's going on.

I was thinking about what I wanted to talk about this week.

I was saying about this last night and I believe this is my my favorite week all time at Credera like the week that I am most proud of being here in the most happy about what we're doing. And so I just wanted to share a few those things that are on my radar. From that standpoint. The business is really healthy and so I'm not even going to talk about that today and will go back to normal updates next week. I just want to focus on some of these other things that are going on that I think are extraordinary an right off the top. We this week we hosted our intern Leadership Development Conference, which was part of what we were able to offer the interns that did the internship with us, as well as some of those who chose not to. When we had to make the adjustment to the internship program back in the spring, Ann, Meredith, and Evan in particular did an incredible job of organizing that and the parts that I participated in and they just set a whole agenda, it was just thoughtful an I'm sure it was tremendously valuable and impactful to the to those young people and so well done. 

Shout out the rebrand that we've all been apart of this week was amazing. Like you know, it really blew me away in terms of just its professionalism, the quality of the work, how many people contributed to it across certainly our marketing team and the UX team being the heavy lifters, but a lot of people on the technology side of things as well to actually do the re-platform, people who helped update templates and that sort of thing and it really did take a village is Andrew said. But it was awesome.

And I'm so proud of the brand, but also, just you know, the way that the team came together to do that to me is a true embodiment of what Credera is really all about. An already getting a lot of great feedback from friends and people that I know in the market who are seeing the LinkedIn Post and the new website and sending really really positive comments through. So thankful for that. And I thought that was incredible and fun to the way it was all rolled out. We hosted a panel, the second of these on diversity, inclusion with a heavy emphasis on race, and anti racism and allyship and that sort of thing earlier this week that you know again. I think the panelists just did an incredible job and I felt like that was really high impact and it was really, really well done. Quite frankly and that's a theme to all of these it's just the quality and professionalism and the impact of our work to me is second to none and it just makes me proud to think about. 

Along the same line, I attended a unconscious bias training and I know everyone 's been invited to participate in one of these sessions, there were quite a few people on the one that I was on, but it was all done by Credera people in terms of creation of the materials and the actual leadership of the training. But it might as well have been done by a high end firm that only does unconscious bias training. To me it was it was that level of quality and it was that good and I felt like it was thoughtful. It's practical, easy to apply to our day to day lives, specifically in recruiting, and so really, really proud of that as well. 

And then last thing I'll mention here is a little bit of a preview, but of some other work that I believe is truly excellent that's been going on by our CPM committee who really does work and it is just kind of a universal Credera trade I believe. But we don't rest on just being like good or wherever at that moment. Continued pursuit of excellence and continue trying to make things better and the CPM committee for sure is doing that. And so you'll see some more from them in the next next couple of weeks but we'll be rolling out a new CPM tool in September, which should make the make the whole process your monthly check-ins with your career coach, which has been going really well, but make that easier and better and have a little bit more automation and tracking of it, as well as a real streamlining of the snapshot that we use at the mid year and end of year, which is a great kind of one page review of each person and then some changes to really, to eliminate the calibration process. Because we've researched and found it from best practice standpoint, it's not actually adding a lot in terms of fairness, and in many cases it just allows for the introduction of bias where people are commenting or influencing who really had very little to do with that particular individual, and so we're changing that process and the way it works, where we still believe we'll get all the goodness that was part of the calibration process, but with a substantial reduction of time for people, but also even an improvement in the quality of our review process. So there's more to it than that. No changes to the actual expectations, framework or the expectations this year. No changes to the sort of promotion process or compensation process. All those things will follow the way that they've been been done, but a lot of real improvements there that are going to be coming out soon, so that's really it, you know, just wanted to share that. And thank you for making it. One of my favorite weeks of all time here at Credera and in my career and so thankful for all of you and I hope you have a great weekend.